# Route Analysis Project

Welcome to the Route Analysis project! This README file provides information on how to execute the code, where the output files are generated, and how to interact with the main display file.

## Getting Started

To get started with this project, clone this repository to your local machine. Ensure you have the required dependencies installed by following the installation instructions provided in the `requirements.txt` file.

### Executing the Code

The main script for this project is `routeAnalysis.py`. Execute this script to generate the analysis and output the results. Here's how you can run the script:

```bash
python routeAnalysis.py
```

## Output

Executing the script generates HTML files within a directory named `Maps`. These files are the individual maps produced by the analysis.

## Viewing the Maps

To view the grid of generated maps, open the `allMaps.html` file located in the project's root directory. This file presents a grid layout where each cell represents a different map generated by the script.

## Manual Integration

For the time being, integrating new maps into the `allMaps.html` file requires a manual step. You need to add an entry for each new map in this file. This involves specifying the title for the map's grid container and the filename of the HTML file to be displayed in the list htmlFiles inside the script tag. For example:

```html
const htmlFiles = [
  ["Puntos simples", "Maps/points_map.html"],
  ["Puntos agrupados y escalados", "Maps/grouped_points_map.html"],
  ["Puntos divididos en intervalos de tiempo y agrupados en cada uno", "Maps/grouped_within_interval_points_map.html"],
  ["Ruta simple", "Maps/route_map.html"],
  ["Ruta por punto más cercano entre los siguientes", "Maps/closer_point_route.html"],
  ["Ruta por punto más cercano entre los siguientes con movimiento", "Maps/ant_path_route.html"],
  ["Ruta ajustada a las calles", "Maps/snapped_route.html"]
];
```

## Database Configuration

Note that the database required for generating the maps is not included in this repository. You will need to configure and connect your own database for the project to function correctly.

